Well, people, it's good, I'm good. I came today.
Here's a name for you top-5 shoes.
favorites but once you do that you
I 'm using this year, I already did a
video is a while but if you do
known left the field link here
below and I just recorded a video
I'm going to leave the fernandino channel
alice alja first post I this
video of her if someone down here to
You do not give her the channel for you.
will be following is super cool i adore
her
the company makes some time as to
Do not forget, I'll send you a kiss, which is
two girls who left my last
video that I forgot at last that were
for alexandre amorim easy kiss ale is
very cute daniele olive tree and a kiss
dani a esther barcelos a kiss and havana
I think now I'm afraid this will
but he 's from the daily female channel I'm going
leave it down here you are the girls
A big kiss, thank you girls.
the affection and and come on after 15
favorite
well I 've never seen it well colored and this year
I'm fine like this
different from other years and such and such
the first shoe is the one he is a
niche elmosnino sneakers
so he has that schilling of all
star of the bunny simlis
red tv has the only jump to see 12
I really like him, he's very tall.
use it but when you always
places the car egg with little does not have
that walking a lot knows because it's too loud
and do not roll yes but I like
the very favorite I used for innovation
15 years I think it's beautiful
second shoe he already appeared in another
video is this work in butte
she is abert that front and beige has
these tacks
And you can see there's a little girl.
so it opens delay then freedom
here behind and this is a second shoe I
I find it wonderful very comfortable and
if there was abuse had three because the hands
His is very small
so I really like the third fact
is an anchor and tomorrow with mutti
contrary to the open it is closed then it is
so it is that girl suede brand
old black woman the jump of a
little more than 10 but also
it is usable to have a side rate so more
Cute to miss and gap between
I think it's beautiful, now it's autumn.
Winter, I think it's very cool.
so wore skirt with feminine booties
cool
This is my third to four meters
The fourth is the one here. This one is a
link and in red and inner salt of
new I think 24 bi
I have one I have and do not even want black
that I used enough use until today
I left there, I said I have black to
other color
there the price here has the shoelace full of
I love gold so use a
blouse that I have combines a lot I think
cute inside
meo has serious registration has register
of families are in the fourth and last
important number is if you want the
First is this boot, we'll judge it.
delay
but he is red like that
This is how you are to see them.
she has the fiducial beak well shot
wee is ibi color red
that she wears an all-black outfit for
call attention travolta I do not play
football coat red because so much
difficult to find the same color as me
I got boot and snic because the
same manufacturer
But I like the black I think it's
very beautiful, so she can be at
front of the strip so she does not have
zipper then puts it right here
It's very hot, it was very beautiful, I guess.
she likes me a lot and she can come to
ball was six years old and doubled and she
in the mass also the cable was red I
I've always been very suspicious to buy
drinks things I started to buy more
peace how to say I bought the colors
I think it is necessary to
I put on any colorful dress that
bet on a black do not look nice
so I was able to buy all the
the boats I wanted to start now.
try colored shoes then went
five new shoe, darling, this is it
here are the little darlings and
walking
are my three wounded who are the three
that she feels she remembers that she
I thought so, was it here?
other
so this is girls was the top 5 of the
favorite shoes and thank you for the
My love, thank you so much for
watched a super kiss and until the next
video bye